Happy birthday, Miss Zhenzhen
Happy birthday to Miss Zhenzhen
50 sets of Star Fashion from major luxury brands are specially sent.
Worth 30 million
Happy birthday to Miss Zhenzhen
20 new bags of major luxury brands are specially sent.
Worth 50 million wow
Chen Zhen, your father is too kind to you, right?
I gave you so many expensive gifts.
Where did this dead wife get so much money?
The day is over
Mom, my dad feels sorry for us.
Happy birthday, Miss Zhenzhen
You work for my dad
How come I've never seen you before?
Who's your father?
Stop pretending
Did my dad ask you to surprise me?
Now that the gift has been delivered, don't act
Ok stop